feat(docs): Improve documentation and enforce markdown linting (#16252)
island-is/island.is: libs/clients/license-client/README.md

This library was generated with [Nx](https://nx.dev).

## Overview

The library functions as a license client factory for:

- Firearm License
- Machine License
- ADR License
- Driver's License
- Disability License

The factory provides two types of clients:

- **License Clients**: For internal use.
- **Update Clients**: For external organizations to query license updates.

For usage examples, refer to `api/domains/license-service`.

### License Client

- Interacts with the digital license issuer and the organization.
- Requires IDS configuration.

### License Update Client

> - For machine clients only.
> - Uses _ApiKey_ authentication for external organizations to update licenses via the digital license issuer.

Author: Is it valuable to know _how_ the update client communicates, in this documentation? If you need to know, check the code, right?

When I read the original version, it suggests that the communication is for external parties to reach us. There seems to be a whole sentence missing to clarify this.

```suggestion
- For machine clients only.
- Provides communication to external digital license issuers (via _ApiKey_ authentication).
- Pulls updates from external organisations for asynchronous updates.
```

> - Uses _ApiKey_ authentication for external organizations to update licenses via the digital license issuer.

Reviewer: It is for external parties to reach us, but it `**Also** communicates with the organisation through (as of now) _ApiKey_ authenticated functions.`

> - Uses _ApiKey_ authentication for external organizations to update licenses via the digital license issuer.

Reviewer: Documentation can always be improved, but it is definitely good to document "architectural" dataflows (including authentication) outside of the source code.
